README.md, before:

# libutils

libutils is a C++ header-only library that extends in some parts the C++ Standard Library.
The library functions are divided into three categories:

- **iterator**
- **algorithm**
- **numeric**

The library contains only one header file `libutils.hpp` that you can include in your project.
It requires C++17 or later.

## Installation

The easiest way to use the library is to copy the `libutils.hpp` file into your project and include it in your source code.

But it is recommended to include the library with CMake. You can use the `FetchContent` module:

```cmake
include(FetchContent)
FetchContent_Declare(
    libutils
    GIT_REPOSITORY  https://github.com/caffik/libutils.git
    GIT_TAG         v1.0.0
)
FetchContent_MakeAvailable(libutils)

include(libutils)

target_link_libraries(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE libutils::main)
```

## Usage

Exaples of usage can be found in the `tests` directory in file `test.utilities.cpp`.

## Documentation

The documentation is available. It is generated by using Doxygen, Sphinx and Breathe. The Doxyfile is located in the 
`docs/source` directory. By default, only the HTML documentation is generated. 

## CMake Options

Options that can be set when building the library: 
- `ENABLE_TESTING` - build tests (default: `ON`)
- `ENABLE_DOCS` - build documentation (default: `OFF`)

Commit message:

Added CMakePresets, added note about current README.md file.

README.md, after:

**The current version of `README.md` does not reflect new developments and improvements. Please do not rely on it.**
# libutils

libutils is a C++ header-only library that extends in some parts the C++ Standard Library.
The library functions are divided into three categories:

- **iterator**
- **algorithm**
- **numeric**

It requires C++17 or later.

## Installation

The easiest way to use the library is to copy the `libutils.hpp` file into your project and include it in your source code.

But it is recommended to include the library with CMake. You can use the `FetchContent` module:

```cmake
include(FetchContent)
FetchContent_Declare(
    libutils
    GIT_REPOSITORY  https://github.com/caffik/libutils.git
    GIT_TAG         v1.0.0
)
FetchContent_MakeAvailable(libutils)

include(libutils)

target_link_libraries(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE libutils::main)
```

## Usage

Example of usage of each header file are available on the ... .

## Documentation

The documentation is available. It is generated by using Doxygen, Sphinx and Breathe. The Doxyfile is located in the 
`docs/source` directory. By default, only the HTML documentation is generated. 

## CMake Options

Options that can be set when building the library: 
- `ENABLE_TESTING` - build tests (default: `OFF`)
- `ENABLE_DOCS` - build documentation (default: `OFF`)
